<table border="1" style="border-collapse: collapse; width: 99.9685%;"><tbody><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><h3><strong>Terms</strong></h3></td><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><h3><strong>Description</strong></h3></td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Studio</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;">The component of the UiPath RPA Platform for developing Robotic Process Automation projects</td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Studio Family</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><p>The Studio family consists of three profiles available in the same application. While no additional installation is needed, accessing the profiles depends on the license:</p><ul><li>StudioX - the Citizen Developer profile</li><li>Studio - the RPA Developer profile</li></ul><p>The licenses are incremental, meaning that a Studio license will offer access to StudioX. All these licenses typically include an attended robot and UiPath Assistant.</p></td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Robot</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;">The Robot is UiPath’s execution agent installed on a machine and enabling you to run automation jobs based on processes developed in Studio.</td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Attended robot</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;">A type of robot working on the same machines as the humans, during the same hours. They are triggered directly by humans (usually through UiPath Assistant) or by an event related to what the human user does.</td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Unattended robot</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><p>A robot typically deployed on a separate machine than any human user. Their jobs are triggered exclusively from Orchestrator.</p><p>Since robots do not exist as separate entities in Orchestrator, a more technical definition would position unattended robots as execution slots - a user logged in on a machine, executing an automation job, as instructed by Orchestrator.</p></td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Assistant</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><p>The interface between the human user and the attended robot. It allows the human to trigger jobs, but also to organize processes, add reminders and so on.</p></td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Orchestrator</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;">The component of the UiPath RPA Platform in charge of the management of automations, users and robots, as well as the management of the assets used in development or in running automations.</td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Automation Cloud</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;">The cloud platform of UiPath, the single place for managing users and services, such as cloud Orchestrator, cloud AI Fabric, cloud Data Service, and so on.</td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Automation Project</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><p>A business process or task automated with Studio family. Depending on the complexity and development approach, an automation project may consist of one or several workflows.</p><p>A workflow is a set of actions following a given logic set by the developer, having an input and an output. Workflows are typically linked in the same automation project through input and output arguments.</p></td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Package</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><p>An automation project published as a NuGet package from the Studio family to Orchestrator or locally.</p></td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Process</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><p>A package in Orchestrator linked to an Orchestrator folder where human users or robots have access. If stored locally, packages can be used as processes when they are run by attended robots.</p></td></tr><tr><td style="width: 47.0621%;">Job</td><td style="width: 47.0621%;"><p>A single execution of an automation process by an attended or unattended robot. If the robots are connected to Orchestrator, both attended and unattended jobs appear there.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>